add RawRepresentableExtensions and Tests (#874)
SwifterSwift/SwifterSwift: CHANGELOG.md

### Added
- **String**:

>   

Reviewer: Please remove all these new empty lines you added.

- **Sequence**:
  - Added `first(where:equals:)` to find the first element of the sequence with having property by given key path equals to given value. [#836](https://github.com/SwifterSwift/SwifterSwift/pull/836) by [hamtiko](https://github.com/hamtiko)
  - Added `last(where:equals:)` to find the last element of the sequence with having property by given key path equals to given value. [#838](https://github.com/SwifterSwift/SwifterSwift/pull/838) by [hamtiko](https://github.com/hamtiko)
- **SKNode**:
  
  - `center`, `topLeft`, `topRight`, `bottomLeft`, `bottomRight` to get anchor position or set position using anchor. [#835](https://github.com/SwifterSwift/SwifterSwift/pull/835) by [rypyak](https://github.com/rypyak)
- **CGSize**:
  
  - Added new `+`, `+=`, `-` and `-=` operator extensions for tuple (width: CGFloat, height: CGFloat). [#841](https://github.com/SwifterSwift/SwifterSwift/pull/841) by [hamtiko](https://github.com/hamtiko)
- **WKWebView**:
  
  - Added `loadURL(_:)` and `loadURLString(_:)` extensions for `WkWebView`. [#851](https://github.com/SwifterSwift/SwifterSwift/pull/851) by [hamtiko](https://github.com/hamtiko)
- **RawRepresentable**:
  

>   - Added `init?(rawValue: RawValue?)` extensions for `RawRepresentable`. [#872](https://github.com/SwifterSwift/SwifterSwift/pull/872) by [fanglinwei](https://github.com/fanglinwei)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Added `init?(rawValue:)` for creating a `RawRepresentable` with an optional raw value. [#872](https://github.com/SwifterSwift/SwifterSwift/pull/872) by [fanglinwei](https://github.com/fanglinwei)
```
